(SNARLING)
Okay, Ravi, your turn!
Here I go. Here I go!
Anyone else want to go?
Come on, Ravi, it's fun.
Trust me.
What are you afraid of?
Rope, jumping,
and any scenario where
Luke tells me to trust him.
(SHRIEKS)
(RAVI GROANS)
Did I win?
Excuse me, I've been
watching you guys
for a while, and...
Stranger danger!
Initiate scenario two!
Stop, drop, and roll!
That... That's scenario five,
in case of a fire!
Oh, my bad.
Guys, relax!
I'm Corinne Baxter,
award-winning TV producer.
- Ooh, you should meet
- our butler.
He's an award-winning
TV watcher.
Ooh.
I'm producing
a new reality show about
families with nannies...
Oh, I... I'm a nanny,
and this is my family!
Smile everyone!
JESSIE: Aren't they adorable?
So, I assume you're
interested in being on...
Yes! (GASPS)
I cannot believe
I'm going to have
my own TV series!
I've got to go call
everyone I know!
Hey, Darla!
Did your nanny just leave
without you guys?
You did not say
it was a show
about good nannies.
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ Hey Jessie, hey Jessie
♪ It feels like a party
every day
♪ Hey Jessie, hey Jessie
♪ But they keep on pulling
me every which way
♪ Hey Jessie, hey Jessie
♪ My whole world is changing
Turning around
♪ They got me going crazy
Yeah, they're shaking
the ground
♪ But they took a chance
on the new girl in town
♪ And I don't want to let them
down, down, down
♪ Hey Jessie
♪ It feels like a party
every day
♪ Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, Jessie ♪
Guys! I think the first
episode of the reality show
should be the party
you're throwing me for my
two year nanniversary!
What's that?
The anniversary
of my becoming your nanny.
Since when is that a thing?
We didn't celebrate it
last year.
Exactly. And here is your
chance to erase that pain.
I think the first show
should star me
and my dance moves.
- I'll be more popular
- with the ladies
Than Ryan Gosling
holding a puppy.
ALL: Aw.
See?
Sorry, what?
I was just picturing
Ryan Gosling holding a puppy.
It is adorable.
- And I'm going to come up
- with a catchphrase,
Then print it on everything
from mugs to diapers.
I'll get them drinking
and stinking!
As tasteful as a soiled diaper
with "mmm-hmm" emblazoned
upon it would be,
doing this show
would be a huge mistake.
I give you two words.
Heisenberg Principle.
Can you give us two words
we can understand?
I am sure Jessie comprehends
what I am saying.
Of course I do.
But, why don't you
break it down?
Just for the kids.
- The Heisenberg Principle
- states that
Once the camera is introduced,
people cannot help,
but change their behavior.
Witness every dope who has
ever been on a reality show.
- Who cares?
- Those dopes are famous!
- And momma wants
- a big slice of that.
Bertram, it's 4:00.
You're going to sleep already?
No, I just woke up.
You know, Mom and Dad
will be watching
this reality show.
- Don't you want them to see
- how hard you work?
(ALL LAUGHING)
- Ah, seriously, though,
- I better clean this place up.
I'm gonna go look for the
vroom-vroomy thing.
Ugh, this bug bite
kept me up all night.
What a pity.
Are you ready
for a lovely breakfast,
and your close-up?
- Good morning!
- (SCREAMS)
(STAMMERING) I'm in the middle
of a beauty treatment!
It ain't working.
(FORCING LAUGHTER)
You're two hours early.
CORINNE: Are we?
Oopsie.
Don't you worry your messy
little head about us.
We're just here to capture
who you really are.
Oh, well!
Who I really am
is an actress.
(DRAMATICALLY)
No, no, no!
This yogurt has...
Expired!
Alas, poor yogurt!
I knew it well.
(DRAMATIC SOBBING)
- I don't know what's
- more ridiculous.
Your acting, or the fact
that you have a salad fork
stuck in your hair.
And now, for the most
gratifying part of my day.
When my beloved charges
come home from school.
Which reminds me
of when I played Maria
in The Sound of Music.
- CORINNE: Please,
- don't start singing...
again.
The Fort Tavey Gazette
said I was, and I quote,
"Entirely adequate!"
Uh, and now we are
getting off the elevator
after a long, hard day
of learning.
And now we are walking...
Walking, walking...
And you're driving us
crazy, crazy, crazy!
You don't have to narrate
everything we do!
- Especially, when I popped
- that pimple!
Did you really have to
make that "pssh" noise?
(SNORTS LAUGHTER)
That epidermal explosion
needed no audio enhancement
from me.
This is my playhouse,
and you're just living in it!
Excuse me?
It's my catchphrase.
- Make sure to get it
- in the first episode,
And I'll cut you in
for 10% of the merch.
Mmm, money!
Found it! (CHUCKLES)
Did you know
there's a whole closet
full of cleaning supplies?
People, please!
I need you to act naturally.
Of course!
Check this out!
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
Now I know why they
call it "hard wood."
- Careful!
- You're in my shot.
Now, I will make everyone
yummy snacks.
Much as my idol, Meryl Streep,
- to whom I have been
- compared many times,
Did when she played
Julia Child.
- Who compared you
- to Meryl Streep?
Everyone!
Come, lovable scamps.
This is a disaster!
If I can't spice this up,
this show will be canceled
before it even airs.
And I cannot go back
to producing monkey makeovers.
I don't care how much
eyeliner you put on them,
they're just not pretty!
Uh, hey, Corinne,
you're missing some
great stuff in here.
I'm making lunch,
while acting out Hamlet,
with an actual ham!
I told you, just do
the things you normally do.
Oh. This is.
Last week I did
Macbeth-aroni and cheese.
I'm Zuri, and I have
sass to spare!
Please, no more catchphrases!
So, I bet your sister Emma
drives you crazy!
- Huh?
- No.
- But there's this girl
- at school,
She's a combination
of nasty and awful.
She's nasty-ful.
Ooh, a new catchphrase!
I'm gonna go print that
on a bunch of diapers.
So, between us...
What do you hate most
about your nanny?
I love Jessie!
But I'll tell you
what I do hate...
What, what? Spill it, sister.
Fashion atrocities.
Like sweatpants,
which are totes lame,
and supes embarrassing.
Also, socks with sandals,
jackets with
too many zippers...
You mean like mine?
Exactly! You're welcome.
So Ravi, what bothers you
most about your brother
and sisters?
Nothing! I wish
I could shrink them,
and carry them around
in my pocket.
FYI, I am working
on the technology.
Meanwhile, let me tell you
about my dear sister, Emma...
Oh! (CHUCKLING)
Excuse me, I didn't know
you were filming here.
Hi, Morgan! Hi, Christina!
Just doing what I always do,
work, work, work! (CHUCKLES)
The butler, on the other hand,
can be very tiresome.
So, Jessie, I hear it's
almost two year nanniversary.
You must be getting
so sick of this job.
Oh, no, no, I love the kids.
But I'm not just a nanny.
I'm also an actress.
So you say!
Constantly!
Okay, what have I seen you in?
- Does this show count?
- No.
Then nothing.
Ah, Jessie, I see
you're still filming,
while I am hard at work.
- Okay, if Bertram - gets to pretend
- He's a working butler,
I get to pretend
I'm a working actress.
BTW, go see Morgan Ross's
brilliant new movie,
Slugasaurus!
(TV NARRATOR STYLE)
"It leaves a slimy
trail of terror!"
So do you.
I cannot wait to watch
the first episode of my...
I mean, our TV show!
Aw, look. He fell asleep
mid-clean.
I'll wake him.
(BERTRAM SNORING)
- (SHOUTING) Bertram!
- (SHRIEKS)
Well, at least my face
is now dust free.
All this work is really
getting in the way of my naps.
You would think the 14 hours
you get every night
would be enough.
I've seen cats sleep less.
(REALITY SHOW THEME PLAYING)
(GASPS) It's starting!
I may not know what I'm doing,
- but I always look good
- doing it.
Ladies, take a number.
Then give me yours.
Bedtimes are for suckers!
Oh, are we rolling?
Should I speak now?
(ALL LAUGHING)
When you work for
Morgan and Christina,
it's no sweat!
I'm a nanny
pursuing her dream...
"of becoming an actress!"
They cut that part out!
This TV show is supposed to
jump start my acting career,
- so I can finally
- do something I love.
Not, not that I don't cherish
every day with you guys.
Let me tell you about
my dear sister, Emma...
She is a combination
of nasty and awful.
She's nasty-ful.
Hey! That was mean!
I didn't say that!
Well, TV Zuri just did!
And how to describe
my beloved sister, Zuri...
Totes lame,
and supes embarrassing.
- What did you just say
- about me?
She said you were totes lame,
and supes embarrassing.
I didn't say it about Zuri!
I said it about wearing
socks with sandals.
(GASPS)
You told me I made them work!
You will notice I made
no disparaging comments
about your excessive make-up!
BTW, the circus left town
without you.
(LUKE SCOFFING)
How dare you?
Oh, quiet, Bozo!
This is my part!
When the ladies
see me dancing,
they'll be all over me.
LUKE: Check this out!
(GROANS)
I wouldn't have fallen
if Bertram wasn't vacuuming!
Did you know
dust can get under furniture?
This job is impossible!
Why did they show
the one time I fell?
Okay guys,
you're all overreacting.
It's just a TV show.
(LAUGHING)
I just scratched myself
in front of the whole country!
Don't forget Canada.
I can't believe I look
so bad on television.
I mean, I looked fabulous,
but I looked bad.
I can't believe I fell
in front of the whole country.
Don't forget Canada.
If only someone
would have warned us
that we might come off
looking like fools.
Oh, wait! Someone did!
Guys, relax. I doubt anyone
even saw it.
Hey! You're those weirdos
from the TV show!
Always nice to meet a fan.
OMG, you're Luke!
You're my favorite!
Why, thank you.
So, uh, you girls don't think
I looked bad when I fell?
(ALL LAUGHING)
Of course! You looked like
a total klutz!
Even worse than that hot mess
in the socks with sandals.
The hot mess has bunions!
And you're the frumpy nanny!
Hey, scratch yourself!
- (SHUTTERS CLICKING)
- Will not!
Hey, it's the mean queen,
and the dumb catchphrase girl!
Oh, yeah? Catch this.
Luke, hold my hoops.
(YELLING)
Whoa, Emma was right.
Zuri is embarrassing.
For the last time,
I was talking about Ravi's
hideous choice of footwear!
(GASPS)
Ooh, look, mean girl's
being mean again!
(SCREECHING) I am not mean!
Ow! You pummeled my piggies!
Two can play at that game!
(GRUNTING WITH EFFORT)
Stand back, noodle arms!
I've got this.
Guys, stop!
This is embarrassing.
And I'm pretty sure
I have to pay
for all this food now!
Thank goodness
Corinne was not here
to exploit my manly rage.
Oh, I'm here.
And this is going to make
a delicious promo
for next week's episode.
We can't wait to watch!
How do you sleep at night?
Oh, warm milk
and great ratings.
Thanks!
Come back here,
you cold-blooded,
disgusting reptile!
(MRS. KIPLING SNARLING)
- You're lucky
- you're endangered.
Good, you're back!
(ALL GROAN)
Everyone still mad?
(SING-SONG) I've got some
key lime pies for you
to throw at each other.
And... Go!
Okay, that's it.
Your stupid reality show
has done enough damage
to this family.
We quit!
(CHUCKLES)
You guys can't quit.
If you break your contract,
I'll sue you
for everything you've got.
Fine by me!
I don't have anything!
So, ha!
Uh, Jessie? A word?
Look, you may not be able
to afford more than
one topping on your pizza...
But we are loaded
like a baked potato!
Glad we're on the same page.
See you tomorrow night
for your big nanniversary
dinner, Jessie.
And remember,
we're always watching.
Zuri, did you just eat
one of those pies?
No!
Okay, now that we're
in the one place
with no cameras...
Wait, where's Zuri?
ZURI: (MUFFLED)
Buried under Bertram.
(GROANS)
What did you think
that poking was?
- (STOMACH GURGLING)
- Indigestion.
Okay, so, since Corinne won't
let us quit the show,
- here's the plan...
- (ELEVATOR DINGS)
Really?
(ALL GROANING)
Okay, we can't give Corinne
anything to use against us,
so from now on,
we just have to be
super nice to each other.
I am nice!
And if I hear one more
snarky remark
about my footwear,
someone will get a
bunion to the butt!
Please. The last time
you tried to step
on a cockroach,
it pushed you over
and took your lunch money.
(CHUCKLES) Ravi's weak.
This is exactly
what I'm talking about!
- Look, if we want to
- get rid of Corinne,
We have to be the nicest,
most polite people
on the face of the Earth.
- Okay!
- (SCREAM)
Get these out of my face,
or your head is next!
Okay, that was an example
of what not to do.
Jessie, your nanniversary
dinner is served.
I do hope that later
you will regale us
with one of your magnificent
dating stories.
They are always so riveting.
Oh, Bertram, you flatter me.
And might I say
that you are a fine man,
with a sunny disposition,
and no weird hobbies at all.
Dear sister, would you care
for some more lemonade?
- Thank you, Zuri.
- How kind of you.
Allow me to serenade you all
with bird calls
to help aid digestion.
I give you
the haunting loon.
(MIMICKING BIRD CRY)
That is the worst loon call
I ever heard.
And I worked on Loon Dynasty.
I see what you're doing.
You're trying to ruin my show
by acting all nice.
- We're just being ourselves
- in front of the cameras,
In full compliance
with our contract.
- And what's wrong
- with being nice?
- (STOMACH GURGLING)
- (GASPS)
Wow, you do have indigestion.
Seriously, it sounds like
The Last Days of Pompeii
in there.
Face it, Corinne.
We're done being your puppets!
JESSIE: Yeah.
- This family
- may not be perfect,
But we do love each other.
And that's as real as it gets.
Real?
Reality shows
are about as real
as my expense report!
My idiotic bosses
and the knuckle-draggers
who watch these shows
expect drama!
So, stop eating that food,
and start throwing it
at each other!
Don't you think your bosses
and the viewers
might be offended
- if they heard
- what you just said?
What, did you get that from,
"Duh Magazine"?
Of course they would.
But, I edit all the footage,
so no one
will see it, but me.
I wouldn't be so sure
about that. Luke, now!
Ha ha!
Grab that memory card!
That's how we do, son!
Beast! Yow!
Emma!
Jessie!
No! Give me that!
Ravi, go long!
If that is a sports term,
it is totally lost on me.
Just run, catch this,
and upload it to the Internet!
CORINNE: (SHRIEKING) No!
(SNARLING)
Better run before
Mrs. Kipling gets real...
- Real hungry!
- (SNARLS)
(SCREAMING)
You're all fired!
Good riddance!
I hope we never see you again!
Unless you get a network show.
I'll... I'll send you
my headshot!
Hey, a girl's got to try.
Well, at least now we can all
get back to normal.
(SNORING)
- (CHUCKLES)
- Bertram already has.
Well, you can't blame him.
- He did work three whole hours
- this week.
Aw, he's so cute.
(STOMACH GURGLING)
I think he's gonna blow! Run!
Jessie, I know the reality
show didn't end up helping
your acting career,
but look on the bright side.
What would that be?
- I don't know. I was hoping
- you had something.
Well, it did bring us
closer together as a family,
and I'm glad we can finally
get rid of these stupid
surveillance cameras.
Me too. Now we can
just go back to being
ordinary kids.
You know,
most ordinary kids don't have
two private islands.
That is so sad.
Zuri, I said collect
the cameras,
not destroy them.
I know.
But breaking stuff is fun.
On a related note,
you need a new lamp
for your bedroom.
Jessie, come quick!
Corinne is back with her
camera crew!
What? I'm going to do
the Texas two-step on her...
Hey! A party!
ALL: Happy Nanniversary!
Aw, guys...
I don't know
what to say, except...
Who's "Jassie?"
I'm sorry,
I'm still really tired.
There's a 75% chance
I iced the cake with lard.
Guys, thank you so much.
Look, I would not trade
the last two years
with you all for anything.
Neither would we.
I'd trade all of you guys
for a week in Key West.
But let's have some
nanniversary cake!
(CHUCKLES)
Aw, guys this is beautiful.
Yep, lard.